king
I was embarrassed when I passed by. Have you ever stepped back to heal?
Although you have big breasts and no brains
But just guard against arrogance and impatience
Humility and self-discipline
Ten Days of Chivalry
must be great
Trash, how dare you laugh at the king
Disdain and such single mice are passionately rumbling
Can the Mad Dragon King beat him?
You ask this trash for nothing
The Heavenly King is the first master under the Dragon King
Nature wins
I didn't ask you, is Zhang Long right? Tesla is fine.
But I'm just afraid they'll stay behind
You have an old saying in China that a good man never mentions his courage
If he had the guts, he would not dare to fight
Instead, let you come to die and kill you and other beasts
He Xu Dragon King shot
Black chicken, we have become the same family
Even you want to kill us
black chicken
They actually allied
What should I do now, my lord?
If Kuanglong Tianwang is defeated in the world
I'm afraid only the real Dragon King can turn things around
To succeed again